Data collected in MigoGamesStudio

Last updated 11 May 2024
MigoGamesStudio is committed to the protection of your privacy. Any collected data will only ever be used in accordance with this policy. This policy will also let you know about what information is collected by our third-party service providers, and link to how you can find out about how they use it.

This policy applies to all games released under the App Store and Google Play Store accounts for the publisher "MigoGamesStudio". 

By playing our Games you are consenting to the collection of data as outlined in this privacy policy. You also accept that this privacy policy can be updated from time to time for any reason, with the latest date of changes published at the top of this page.


Collection of Data

Sensitive Data: Our Games do  collect sensitive information about you.

Personally identifiable Data: Our Games collect certain non-sensitive, data as outlined in this privacy policy. Some of this information is automatically gathered, and could be considered personally identifiable in certain circumstances, however it will generally always be anonymised prior to being viewed by MigoGamesStudios and never sold or shared.

Personally identifiable data will only otherwise be actively collected by MigoGamesStudio in very specific circumstances, such as if you contact us directly.


Why Collect Data?

Player Feedback and Support:
If you contact us with a comment or query, migogamesstudios@gmail.com will keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence.

Advertising, Analytics & Player Profile:
Advertising: We undertake advertising to help grow the number of players of the our Games. To help us understand the effectiveness of this advertising, a certain amount of information may be collected by each third-party ad network that operates within our Games. That information may be considered personally identifiable, or it could be considered personally identifiable in certain circumstances. This information is only ever used for our legitimate business interests and will never be sold or shared by us.

Nevertheless, the data is provided to us by third parties. While we use all reasonable commercial endeavours to ensure that they adhere to any applicable laws, we encourage you to familiarise yourself with their data policies.

A list of each ad network we use and information about what data they collect is contained at the conclusion of this policy. Please read those privacy policies carefully before using our Games.

Analytics: Information collected about our Games usage and about your device and location, allows us to better integrate updates, find potential device specific problems and bugs, explore localisation opportunities and make better Games that are tailored to our user's needs.

Player Profile: The Player profile is required to allow the game functionality to work, such as storing your progress through stages, and earning and spending in-game currencies.


How Do we Use & Process Data We Collect

Data collected for Advertising
Because most of our Games are free-to-play, we run advertising to attract new players to the game on an ongoing basis. When you log into our Games, we may collect and transfer non-sensitive device information such as:

The advertisement you have viewed and if you have engaged with it;
Device make and manufacturer;
Operating System;
Generic geographic location, such as the city you are located in;
Carrier;
Language settings;
IP Address;
Android Advertising identifier or Apple Identifier for Advertisers.
This information is purely used for measuring the performance of our marketing activities is always reviewed in aggregated format reports by the MigoGamesStudios team.


Data collected for Analytics
We have implemented Analytics tools to help us understand how our Games are being used in order to help us improve our Games and plan for future game releases. For example, we keep track of how many players are engaging with our Games, player progress, any in-app purchases, as well as device type, operating system, language settings, play session lengths and broad geographic information like your country and city. This data is stored on our own first-party Amazon & Google hosted servers, and  transferred to any third-parties.

Your player profile stores your game progress, including currencies earned and level progression. This data is required to actually operate the game, and is stored on our own servers and  transferred to any third-parties.


Third Party Service Providers
If you wish to opt out of collection of data for advertising or analytics, or find out more information of any Analytics or Ad network companies implemented within our Games, please refer to the relevant links below (please e that individual privacy policies may be updated from time to time for any reason)

IronSource Ad Network
Privacy Policy & Opt Out

Unity Ads Network
Privacy Policy
To Opt Out, click the i button on any Unity Ad in game

Age Limits

Our Games are designed for people who are at least 18 years of age. In playing our Games, you represent that you are aged 18 or older. If you are a guardian or parent who is concerned that we may have any information from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us, and we will permanently delete any information we have under our control.


Access to your data, and permanent deletion of your data

MigoGamesStudios will retain your data only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

No matter how we come in contact with your data, you have the right to access the data MigoGamesStudios holds about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions.

Data Subject Requests

In the event that you send a data subject request to migogamesstudios@gmail.com, or one of our third-party partners informs us that you have contacted them directly about your personal data they collected while you were using our service, We will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.

If you wish to know what data we hold about you, if any, please make out your request to us in writing at the email address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in Our control, We will require identification from you before releasing any information.

Deleting your data

You may request we delete any data we hold regarding your account by contacting us at migogamesstudios@gmail.com. To facilitate the deletion request, you will need to provide us with the name of the game you are playing and your associated Player ID which can be located in the game settings.

Once we delete your data, you will no longer be able to access your account.

Disclosure, and Security of Your Information

We will  sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.

Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns you can contact us at migogamesstudios@gmail.com
